Professor, are you stalling because you know she cheated?
Because I know she did.
Professor, if she did so poorly, why don't we just let this end and cancel the bet?
I think Yancea wouldn't force her to drop out if Shannon just...
Oh, just... Karen, you're so kind, but don't you remember she brutally insulted you?
She deserves to be kicked out of school.
She's right, Karen.
She should run 10 miles and then kneel before she's got to learn somehow.
Shannon, I think you should just apologize to Ricky and Jancea.
We can just forget that any of this happened, okay?
Why are you guys even talking?
I mean, has the professor said anything?
Do you know what was on my test?
Please give him a chance before you start talking shit.
Attention, class.
I would all like you to know that Shannon's test was much more difficult than all of yours.
Professor, stop defending her.
If she failed, she failed.
Exactly.
If she wasn't a cheater, she would have done just fine on both of us.